feat(web): i18n asset overrides (#3040)
authelia/authelia: docs/configuration/server.md

variant form such as `en-AU` for English (Australian). If a user has the browser language `en-AU` we automatically load
the `en` and `en-AU` languages, where any keys in the `en-AU` language take precedence over the `en` language, and the
translations for the `en` language only applying when a translation from `en-AU` is not available.

List of supported languages and variants:

| Description | Language | Additional Variants |        Location        |
|:-----------:|:--------:|:-------------------:|:----------------------:|
|   English   |    en    |         N/A         | locales/en/portal.json |
|   Spanish   |    es    |         N/A         | locales/es/portal.json |
|   German    |    de    |         N/A         | locales/de/portal.json |

_**Important Note** Currently users can only override languages that already exist in this list either by overriding
the language itself, or adding a variant form of that language. If you'd like support for another language feel free
to make a PR. We also encourage people to make PR's for variants where the difference in the variants is important._

> _**Important Note** The key names in these files are not guaranteed in any form of stability. Users who utilize these
> overrides should either check for changes to the files in the 
> [en](https://github.com/authelia/authelia/tree/master/internal/server/locales/en) translation prior to upgrading or PR 
> their translation._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_**Important Note** Overriding these files will not guarantee any form of stability. Users who planning to utilize these
overrides should either check for changes to the files in the 
[en](https://github.com/authelia/authelia/tree/master/internal/server/locales/en) translation prior to upgrading or PR 
their translation to ensure it is maintained._
```
